The relatives' wish was not to let Gu Zhu come out of these homes.
You can do it, I will turn it into these homes,
While looking for a home, if I treat myself as a Cang home,
If he couldn't pass it on to Huang Ning, he would become that chicken.
What casualties cap Wang Li and the government bank.
It was all my fault back then, I paid thousands of balls,
I'm sorry for you, but I guarantee you,
I will definitely not let him down this time, Wan Xing.
You are believing that you will,
Princess, you are enough to have another meeting, I will run away too much,
I will treat you as well as I will with you.
Don't worry, when the time comes
I can hold the ball in the conference
Do you want to come to Guanli together?
The two of us won't go
I changed the subject
He has long been unable to let me go.
Ren Rong looks like this now
we went
It will only make the princess sad
But if he can see Gu Ren
Will you be very touched?
The two of us have already settled on Cheng Xue
We have seen your Chaolu
how do you recover
It will be delivered to your home in front of Guanli.
Higher, higher is better
Brother Chen, why are you here?
I came over to see grandpa
Is there anything you need help with? No, no.
We have enough police here.
You are responsible
Look at Wang Po
Pay once the laundry is done
That's all
We can't afford this money
You'll be fine this time, right?
Thank you for your hard work, everyone
Go, Mrs. Wang